>> Mung Daal: ♪ YOU TAKE THE
MOON, AND YOU TAKE THE SUN ♪
>> Chowder: ♪ YOU TAKE
EVERYTHING THAT SEEMS LIKE FUN ♪
>> Truffles: ♪ YOU STIR IT ALL
UP, AND WHEN YOU'RE DONE ♪
>> Shnitzel: ♪ RADDA RADDA RADDA
R‐R‐RADDA RADDA ♪
>> All: ♪ SO, COME ON IN
♪ FEEL FREE TO DO SOME LOOKING
♪ STAY AWHILE 'CAUSE SOMETHING'S
ALWAYS COOKING ♪
♪ COME ON IN
♪ FEEL FREE TO DO SOME LOOKING
♪ STAY AWHILE 'CAUSE SOMETHING'S
ALWAYS COOKING ♪
YEAH!
[ APPLAUSE ]
>> Chowder: [ PANTING ]
MUNG, CAN'T WE SLOW DOWN?
PLEASE,
>> Mung Daal: I HEARD GAZPACHO
GOT SOME RARE MOOD FRUIT IN
STOCK, AND THERE'S A RECIPE I
HAVE BEEN DYING TO MAKE WITH IT,
NOW, SHOW ME SOME HUSTLE,
>> Chowder: [ GASPING ]
>> I WANT THAT MOOD FRUIT,
ANDALE, PANINI, ANDALE,
>> Mung Daal: ENDIVE,
>> Panini: HI, NUM‐NUMS,
>> Chowder: PANINI,
>> Mung Daal: LISTEN UP, WOMAN,
THAT MOOD FRUIT IS MINE,
>> AS USUAL, NOTHING BUT CRAZY
TALK FROM YOUR LIPS,
>> Mung Daal: I'LL TELL YOU
WHAT'S CRAZY,
THIS RUMP OF YOURS ‐‐ THAT'S
NOW, WILL YOU KINDLY MOVE IT OUT
OF THE WAY?
>> I'D BE HAPPY TO OBLIGE,
MR, DAAL,
OOPS,
>> Mung Daal: WHO‐O‐A‐A!
CHOWDER!
KICK IT INTO HIGH GEAR!
>> Chowder: HIGH GEAR COMING UP,
[ PANTING ]
>> IT'S GAINING ON US,
THINK FAST, PANINI, DEAR,
>> Panini: I'M ON IT, MISSUS,
HEY, NUM‐NUMS, DON'T TAKE THIS
PERSONALLY,
I STILL LOVE YOU,
>> Chowder: AAH!
OW! OW! OW! OW! OW!
LOVE HURTS!
>> HEY, WHAT'S UP?
>> I REQUIRE ALL OF YOUR MOOD
FRUIT,
YES!
>> Chowder: NO!
ONE FLING, PLEASE,
AAH!
>> HEY, CHOWDER,
I NEVER KNEW YOU WERE INTO ‐‐
WAIT FOR IT ‐‐ BOXING,
[ CHUCKLES ]
YOU GET IT?
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, COUGH UP
THE MOOD FRUIT,
>> Chowder: [ COUGHS ]
>> LOOKING FOR THESE?
>> Mung Daal: WOMAN, GIVE ME
THAT FRUIT,
>> Panini: NUM‐NUMS, ARE YOU
OKAY?
>> Chowder: PLEASE DON'T TOUCH
ME,
>> YOU WANT THIS FRUIT?
THIS FRUIT HERE?
>> Mung Daal: [ GRUNTING ]
[ PANTING ]
FINE,
HOW MUCH DO YOU WANT FOR THEM?
>> AH, I HAVE NO NEED FOR YOUR
PETTY CHANGé,
JUST ADMIT I'M THE BETTER CHEF,
>> Mung Daal: NEVER!
>> THEN BEG,
>> Mung Daal: WHAT?!
>> YES, ON YOUR KNEES,
HANDS UP LIKE THIS,
WAG YOUR TAIL,
>> Mung Daal: I'M NOT A DOG,
>> OH, YOU'RE RIGHT,
YOU'RE MUCH MORE OF A DIRTY
KITTY CAT, EH?
>> Mung Daal: AND YOU, SIR, ARE
A MAD COW!
>> [ GROWLS ]
GROOM YOURSELF!
>> Mung Daal: WOMAN, I HAVE TOO
MUCH SELF‐RESPECT,
>> OOPS,
>> Mung Daal: AAH!
>> UH‐UH‐UH,
WITH KITTY‐CAT SOUNDS,
>> Chowder: NO, MUNG, YOU'RE NOT
A KITTY CAT,
>> PANINI, SILENCE THE FAT ONE,
>> BUT I DIDN'T SAY NOTHING,
>> I MEAN THE FAT, PURPLE
BUNNYCAT KID,
>> I DIDN'T SAY NOTHING,
>> THIS ONE,
SILENCE THIS ONE,
>> Panini: WITH PLEASURE,
KISS ME, YOU FOOL,
>> Chowder: AAH!
>> Mung Daal: JUST DO IT,
CHOWDER!
WE NEED THAT FRUIT!
>> Chowder: I'D RATHER BE A
DIRTY KITTY CAT!
>> Mung Daal: MEOW, MEOW, MEOW,
MEOW, MEOW, MEOW, MEOW,
>> OOH, THIS IS GOING TO BE
DELICIOUS,
OH, SERVANTS, ENTREZ‐VOUS, S'IL
VOUS PLAîT,
>> Chowder: HOW LONG DO WE HAVE
TO DO THIS?
MY PANTIES ARE RIDING UP,
>> Mung Daal: YEAH, MINE TOO,
THAT WITCH SAID IF WE SURVIVE
THE DAY, THE FRUIT IS OURS,
OURS,
SHE CAN'T DISH OUT ANYTHING WE
CAN'T TAKE,
GET IT?
IT'S A FOOD METAPHOR,
>> YOU KNOW, I LOVE THE WAY
THESE EXOTIC MOOD FRUITS CHANGE
COLOR ACCORDING TO ONE'S MOOD,
>> Chowder: THEY'RE DOO‐DOO
BROWN,
>> Mung Daal: Shh!
>> Panini: I THINK THEY LOOK
LOVELY ON YOU, MISS ENDIVE,
>> YES, YES, THEY DO,
AND YOU KNOW WHAT WOULD LOOK
LOVELY ON THESE TWO?
GREASE,
>> Both: GREASE?
>> GREASE,
>> Mung Daal: I DON'T KNOW HOW
THAT WOMAN THINKS WE'RE GONNA
GET ALL THIS COLD GREASE CLEANED
UP WHEN SHE KEEPS ‐‐
>> SPLOOSH!
>> Mung Daal: ,,, POURING MORE ON
OUR HEADS!
>> Chowder: MUNG, MY PRETTY
OUTFIT'S GETTING ALL SOILED,
>> SPLOOSH!
SO, ARE YOU READY TO ADMIT I'M
THE BETTER CHEF?
>> Mung Daal: I'D SOONER EAT MY
NOSE!
>> SPLOOSH!
>> Mung Daal: JEEZ, THAT WOMAN
PLAYS DIRTY,
CHOWDER?
>> Chowder: LET ME OUT!
LET ME OUT!
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE!
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, STOP
THAT!
THE ONLY WAY WE ARE GOING TO GET
THROUGH THIS IS TO STICK
TOGETHER,
>> Chowder: BUT SHE'S A HORRIBLE
MAN,
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, FOCUS,
A CHEF MUST BE STRONG,
>> Chowder: STRONG!
>> Mung Daal: A CHEF MUST BE
WILLING TO GO TO THE LIMIT FOR
HIS DISH,
>> Chowder: TO THE LIMIT,
>> Mung Daal: A CHEF MUST BE
LIKE A ROCK,
>> Chowder: LIKE SHNITZEL?
>> Mung Daal: LIKE SHNITZEL,
>> Chowder: RADDA RADDA?
>> Mung Daal: RADDA RADDA,
YOU KNOW WHAT YOU HAVE TO DO,
GO,
GO FULFILL YOUR DESTINY,
>> Chowder: RADDA RADDA,
[ SLURPS ]
[ BELCHES ]
>> Mung Daal: HEY, ENDIVE, THE
GREASE IS GONE,
>> I'LL BE THE JUDGE OF THAT,
[ SNIFFS ]
[ GRUNTS ]
[ SQUEAKS ]
NO GREASE?
>> Chowder: I'M A ROCK!
>> Mung Daal: SO, ENDIVE, YOU
READY TO GIVE UP THAT FRUIT?
>> [ LAUGHS ]
OH, LET'S SEE IF YOU CAN TAKE
CARE OF THIS TRIFLING, LITTLE
INFESTATION PROBLEM I SEEM TO
HAVE,
[ LAUGHS ]
[ INSECTS GROWLING ]
>> [ ROARS ]
>> Both: AAH!
>> Panini: HI,
>> Chowder: I'M NOT YOUR
BOYFRIEND!
>> Mung Daal: AAH!
>> Shh!
ALL THIS CAN BE AVOIDED IF YOU
JUST SAY I'M THE BETTER CHEF,
>> Mung Daal: [ GRUMBLES ]
[ INSECTS GROWLING ]
>> Chowder: MUNG, I'M SCARED,
>> Mung Daal: I'M SCARED, TOO,
CHOWDER,
LISTEN, I'LL CREATE A
DISTRACTION WHILE YOU STEAL THE
FRUIT OFF HER GIANT, MEATY NECK,
>> Chowder: IF I DON'T RETURN,
PLEASE BURY ME IN MY MAID'S
OUTFIT,
[ INHALES ]
>> Mung Daal: [ GULPS ]
HEY, LADYBUG, NICE TATTOO!
>> [ GROWLS ]
>> Mung Daal: OH, SWEET JELLY
DOUGHNUTS,
AAH!
>> OH, I'M IN HEAVEN,
PANINI, DEAR, THROW ON SOME CD,
I REALLY WANT TO SAVOR THIS
MOMENT,
>> Mung Daal: AAH!
>> OH, YES,
>> Panini: MASSAGE?
>> YES, PANINI, YES,
>> ♪ ,,, WHERE WE GO, AND YOU
WILL DRINK MY TEARS, ANGEL ♪
♪ WHISPER TO ME SOFTLY
♪ LET YOUR TROUBLES FLOAT AWAY
>> Chowder: [ GULPS ]
>> [ LAUGHING ]
>> ♪ TENGAI, TENGAI, TENGAI
♪ I REMEMBER AS A CHILD,
A GIRL, A LAMB, PAPA, SMILE ♪
♪ I FEEL A PLACE WHERE TWO SHALL
GO ♪
♪ AND YOU WILL RUN FOR MILES
♪ I FEEL A BREEZE INSIDE THE
REALM, TENGAI ♪
REALM ♪
♪ TENGAI
>> [ GRUNTS ]
>> Mung Daal: THIS AIN'T GONNA
BE FUN,
>> YOU!
YOU CAN TRY YOUR LITTLE TRICKS,
YOU CAN PLAY YOUR LITTLE,
CHILDISH GAMES, BUT REST ASSURED
I WILL BREAK YOU,
>> Mung Daal: WOMAN, I WILL
NEVER SAY YOU'RE BETTER THAN ME,
>> Chowder: NEVER, NEVER, NEVER,
NEVER, NEVER, NEVER, NEVER,
NEVER,
>> PANINI, UNLOCK THE CELL,
>> Panini: YES, MA'AM,
>> HAVE FUN PEELING MY SACK OF
GROW‐TATOES,
>> Chowder: GROW‐TATOES?
>> Mung Daal: UH‐OH,
>> Chowder: "UH‐OH"? WHY UH‐OH?
>> Mung Daal: KEEP YOUR FOCUS,
CHOWDER, BE A ROCK,
>> Chowder: I'M A ROCK IN A HARD
PLACE,
DON'T WORRY, MUNG, I'LL JUST EAT
THEM,
>> Mung Daal: NO, CHOWDER, IT'S
TOO DANGEROUS TO EAT
GROW‐TATOES,
WE GOT TO PEEL THEM TO MAKE THEM
STOP,
PEEL FOR YOUR LIFE,
>> Both: [ SCREAMING ]
>> [ LAUGHS ]
OH, ANY SECOND NOW, HE'LL SAY
IT,
HE'LL SAY I'M THE BETTER CHEF,
[ SPLAT ]
ANY,,,
SECOND,,,
NOW,
>> Panini: NUM‐NUMS?
>> WHAT HAVE I DONE?
PANINI, DEAR, REMEMBER THEM
FONDLY, FOR THEY WERE GOOD
PEOPLE,
KEEP THEM IN YOUR HEART LIKE A
CANDLE KEEPS ITS FLAME, LA LA
LA,
>> Panini: AAH!
>> YOU'RE ALIVE!
I MEAN, THAT'S TOO BAD,
>> Mung Daal: WHEN LIFE GIVES
YOU GROW‐TATOES, ENDIVE, YOU
MAKE GROW‐TATO SALAD,
>> BUT ‐‐ BUT WHERE DID YOU GET
THE MAYONNAISE?
>> Mung Daal: A GOOD CHEF ALWAYS
CARRIES EMERGENCY MAYONNAISE,
MY FRUIT, PLEASE,
>> AAAHH!
>> Mung Daal: WHAT ARE YOU
DOING?!
>> I HEARD GAZPACHO IS EXPECTING
SOME FRESH MANGOLIOS TODAY,
>> Mung Daal: THOSE MANGOLIOS
WILL BE MINE,
>> PANINI, ANDALE!
>> Mung Daal: OHH!
>> Truffles: ARE YOU DONE IN
THERE YET?
>> Mung Daal: NOT YET,
>> Truffles: GO FASTER,
>> Mung Daal: I'M GOING AS FAST
AS I CAN, WOMAN,
>> Truffles: IS IT DONE YET?
>> Mung Daal: NOT YET,
>> Truffles: IF YOU'RE NOT READY
BEFORE HE GETS HERE, I'M GONNA
TAKE YOUR MUSTACHE AND STUFF IT
UP YOUR ‐‐
[ BELL JINGLES ]
AH, IT'S SO GOOD TO SEE YOU,
MR, FUGU,
>> YES, YES, I KNOW,
>> Truffles: CAN I GET YOU
ANYTHING, DARLING?
HERE, HAVE SOME TEA,
OOH, YOU LOOK SO GOOD,
>> AHH,
MY ORDER WILL NOW BE BROUGHT TO
ME,
>> Truffles: LET ME JUST CHECK
IF IT'S READY,
[ EXPLOSION ]
>> Mung Daal: I TOLD YOU
DYNAMITE WOULDN'T WORK, ALTHOUGH
IT WAS FUN,
ONE WAY OR ANOTHER, WE'LL GET
THAT BIG MOUTH OF YOURS OPEN,
COOCHIE COOCHIE COOCHIE COOCHIE
COOCHIE COOCHIE COO,
NO GOOD,
>> Chowder: I'VE GOT AN IDEA,
♪ I'M VERY BAD AT SINGING,
I GET THE WORDS ALL WRONG ♪
♪ IF YOU CAN DO IT BETTER, WHY
DON'T YOU SING ALONG, MUNG? ♪
>> Mung Daal: ♪ I'LL BRING SOME
STING TO THIS OLD SONG, MY
SINGING VOICE IS STRONG ♪
♪ A DING‐A‐LING COULD SING
ALONG, JUST TRY AND PROVE ME
WRONG ♪
SHNITZEL,
>> Shnitzel: [ GROANS ]
♪ RADDA RADDA RADDA, RADDA RADDA
RADD ♪
♪ RADDA RADDA RADDA DADDA RADDA
RADDA RADD ♪
>> Chowder: NOW YOU,
>> ♪ I'M VERY GOOD AT SINGING
SONGS, ESPECIALLY I WEAR MY
THONG ♪
>> Mung Daal: GOT IT!
GOOD WORK, CHOWDER,
>> [ CLAPS SLOWLY ]
HMM, VERY AMUSING,
>> Mung Daal: MR, FUGU,
WE'RE NEARLY FINISHED WITH YOUR
ORDER, A RARE DELICACY FOR THE
TRUE CONNOISSEUR ‐‐ PERFECTLY
POACHED PEARL CROQUETTES NESTLED
IN A BED OF ROASTED RED
RIBBON,,,
>> HMM,
>> Mung Daal: IT WILL BE ONE OF
THE FINEST DISHES I'VE EVER ‐‐
>> YES, YES,
I SHALL TAKE IT,
I SHALL TAKE THE BOY,
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER?
I DON'T THINK HE'D TASTE VERY
GOOD,
>> THE BOY SHALL BE MY VALET FOR
THE DAY,
I FIND HIM MOST AMUSING,
>> Mung Daal: BUT WE NEED
CHOWDER HERE TO FINISH THE DISH,
>> Shnitzel: RADDA RADDA RADDA,
>> Mung Daal: YES, WE DO,
>> YOU ARE FREE, OF COURSE, TO
DENY MY REQUEST, SAME AS I'M
FREE TO TAKE MY BUSINESS
ELSEWHERE,
>> Mung Daal: WAIT, TAKE HIM,
HE NEEDS THE EXERCISE,
>> Chowder: MUNG, I DON'T WANT
TO LEAVE THE KITCHEN,
>> Mung Daal: CHOWDER, MR, FUGU
IS AN IMPORTANT CUSTOMER,
HE SPENDS MORE HERE THAN ALL OUR
OTHER CUSTOMERS PUT TOGETHER,
IT COSTS MONEY TO REBUILD THIS
KITCHEN EVERY WEEK,
LOOK, YOU LIKE TO EAT, RIGHT?
SO DOES MR, FUGU,
TAKE HIM AROUND TO ALL YOUR
FAVORITE FOOD PLACES,
THINK OF IT AS A CULINARY
EXPEDITION,
>> Chowder: DO I GET TO WEAR A
COOL EXPLORER'S HAT?
>> Mung Daal: UH, NO,
I'M OUT OF HATS, BUT YOU CAN
HAVE THIS,
>> Chowder: I'LL DO IT!
>> MMM,
WHAT [SNIFFS] IS THAT [SNIFFS]
HEAVENLY AROMA?
>> Chowder: THIS IS A TACO
STAND,
TWO MEAF TACOS, PLEASE,
>> HERE YOU GO,
>> TACO?
I'VE NEVER HAD A TACO,
>> Chowder: THEY'RE DELICIOUS,
>> AH, AH, AHH,
MMM, MMM! MMM!
[ MUNCHING ]
OH, YES, YES! YES!
OH, YES!
>> Chowder: YEAH, I LOVE THEM,
>> GIMME!
[ MUNCHING ]
AH, WHAT A SENSATION,
GARON, MORE TACOS,
MONEY IS NO OBJECT,
>> IT IS TO ME,
[ MUNCHING ]
>> Chowder: HEY, WHAT ABOUT ME?
>> THE VALET SHALL SING TO ME
WHILE I EAT,
>> Chowder: WHAT?
>> IT AIDS MY DIGESTION,
KEY OF "C" ‐‐ GO,
>> Chowder: ♪ I WISH I HAD SOME
TACOS ♪
♪ THEY LOOK SO GOOD AND TASTY
♪ DID I MENTION THAT I'M
HUNGRY? ♪
♪ IS IT MY TURN TO EAT YET?
>> STOP SINGING,
I'M FINISHED,
MY COMPLIMENTS TO THE CHEF,
>> UH‐HUH,
>> Chowder: ONE TACO, PLEASE,
>> SORRY, KID,
WE'RE ALL OUT,
>> Chowder: OUT?
>> YOUR BUDDY ATE THEM ALL,
>> [ FARTS ]
TAKE ME TO THE NEXT EATERY, I
COMMAND YOU,
>> Chowder: I GUESS I'LL GET
SOMETHING THERE,
>> [ FARTS ]
OH, GOOD TACOS,
>> Mung Daal: [ HUMMING ]
IS HE STILL THERE?
>> Shnitzel: RADDA RADDA,
[ BOTH CHUCKLE NERVOUSLY ]
>> Mung Daal: [ HUMS ]
>> HEY, IT'S CHOWDER,
I CAN PAY MY RENT AGAIN,
>> Chowder: I NEED A SUPER‐DUPER
DOUBLE SCOOPER,
ENOUGH TO SHARE, RIGHT?
>> OKAY,
>> WHAT IS THIS THRICE CREAM?
>> Chowder: THE LIFE GIVER,
THE SOURCE OF ALL THAT IS CREAMY
AND GOOD,
>> HERE YOU GO,
OY, MY BACK!
>> [ SHUDDERS ]
THE LIFE GIVER,
>> Chowder: AH‐HA HA,
>> HOLD IT,
ISN'T THAT THRICE CREAM FOR ME?
>> Chowder: CAN'T I HAVE JUST
ONE LICK?
>> THE VALET MUST WAIT,
I ALWAYS EAT FIRST,
>> Chowder: OH, OKAY,
>> OH,
OH, YES!
[ MUNCHING ]
>> Chowder: CAN I HAVE A LICK
NOW?
>> NO, NOT YET,
[ MUNCHING ]
>> Chowder: OKAY,
>> PSST!
HEY, BUDDY, DOWN HERE,
WHY NOT JUST BITE THE CONE AND
SUCK THE THRICE CREAM OUT?
>> Chowder: I LIKE THE WAY YOU
THINK, MR, CONE,
>> TELL THAT TO MY WIFE,
SHE'S ALWAYS RIDING ON ME,
>> Chowder: WHOA! AH!
[ GASPS ]
MY THRICE CREAM!
>> OH!
FLOOR FOOD!
[ MUNCHING ]
>> Chowder: BLEH,
>> [ SNIFFS ]
>> I AM COMPLETELY SATISFIED,
[ FARTS ]
>> Chowder: [ COUGHS ]
>> I AM NOW HUNGRY AGAIN,
WALK FASTER,
I'M STARVING,
>> Chowder: I'M GONNA DIE,
I HAVEN'T EATEN IN TWO HOURS,
I GOT TO TAKE HIM SOMEPLACE
WHERE I CAN GET MY OWN FOOD,
>> THE VALET WILL TALK LESS AND
WALK FASTER,
>> Chowder: [ PANTS ]
>> Chowder: TWO CROWN ROASTS,
PLEASE,
THIS PLACE IS REALLY SOMETHING
SPECIAL,
EACH ROAST IS CUSTOM‐MADE FOR
THE DINER,
NO TWO ARE ALIKE,
>> OH, THAT SOUNDS RIDICULOUSLY
[SLURPS] DECADENT,
>> Chowder: IT IS,
>> OOH!
OH, YES!
I FEEL LIKE A KING,
>> Chowder: NOW YOU HAVE YOUR
FOOD, AND I HAVE MINE,
>> [ BELCHES, FARTS ]
>> Chowder: [ COUGHS ]
>> GIVE ME THE OTHER ONE,
>> Chowder: BUT THIS ONE'S MINE,
>> GIVE IT TO ME NOW,
>> Chowder: IT WAS MADE FOR ME,
>> GIMME,
>> Chowder: NO, LEAVE IT ALONE!
STOP FOLLOWING ME!
>> MINE! MINE!
>> Chowder: MUNG LIED,
THIS ISN'T A CULINARY SAFARI,
IT'S A NIGHTMARE!
>> HELP! HELP ME!
OH, HELP ME, SOMEONE, PLEASE!
>> Chowder: [ MUNCHING ]
[ SIGHS ]
ALL RIGHT, MR, FUGU, ARE YOU
READY FOR THE NEXT STOP?
MR, FUGU?
>> [ Distantly ] HELP! HELP ME!
QUICKLY!
>> Chowder: OH, NO!
MUNG'S GONNA KILL ME,
I CAN'T DIE,
I HAVEN'T HAD DESSERT YET,
I'LL SAVE YOU!
[ GRUNTS ]
[ PANTS ]
>> HELP ME!
HELP ME!
>> Chowder: I KNOW WHAT I GOT TO
DO,
KIMCHI, I HOPE YOU HAD A GOOD
BREAKFAST, 'CAUSE YOU'RE GONNA
NEED ALL YOUR ENERGY,
TO THE RESCUE!
>> Kimchi: [ PBBBHT! ]
>> WHOA! WHOA!
>> Chowder: THERE!
>> AH,
OH,
OHH!
>> Chowder: WHOO, GOTCHA,
>> NO, I EAT THE SHARP, POINTY
SPIKES FIRST,
>> [ SQUAWKS ]
>> Kimchi: [ PBBBHT! ]
>> Chowder: [ GROANS ]
[ CHICKS CHIRPING ]
>> Both: AAH!
>> [ SQUAWKS ]
>> [ GROANS ]
>> Chowder: IF YOU'RE GONNA EAT
ME, JUST PLEASE USE A GOOD
RECIPE AND FRESH SPICES,
[ CHICKS CHIRPING ]
>> [ RETCHES ]
>> YOU'D BETTER EAT MAMA'S FOOD,
>> SHE WORKS HARD TO BRING HOME
THE BACON,
>> Chowder: BACON?
AHH!
>> [ RETCHING ]
>> Chowder: [ SWALLOWS ]
THAT'S NOT BACON,
>> [ Deep voice ] MEOW MEOW,
MEOW MEOW,
MEOW MEOW MEOW MEOW,
>> Chowder: HEY, WHAT YOU
COOKING?
>> Mung Daal: OH, THANK GOODNESS
YOU'RE BACK,
>> Chowder: WE HAD A GREAT TIME,
MR, FUGU EVEN GAVE ME THIS,
>> Mung Daal: THAT'S AMAZING,
SO, MR, FUGU, WAS CHOWDER ABLE
TO ‐‐
CHOWDER, THAT'S NOT MR, FUGU,
>> Chowder: I KNOW,
SOME GUY WAS SELLING THESE SILLY
BALLOONS,
AWESOME, RIGHT?
>> Mung Daal: UH, SURE, BUT
WHERE'S MR, FUGU?
>> MORE! MORE!
AHH!
>> [ RETCHING ]
>> NOW, THIS IS CUISINE,
>> Mung Daal: NOW, THIS RECIPE
IS REALLY QUITE EASY TO THROW
TOGETHER,
WELL, I SUPPOSE I ASKED FOR IT
THAT TIME,
>> Chowder: WHAT'S NEXT?
>> Mung Daal: WE SPREAD OUT THIS
SWIRLY‐WHIRL DOUGH,
IT'S WHAT KEEPS THE HYPNOPEEPERS
TOGETHER,
AND WE COVER IT WITH A
SMATTERING OF SMEANUT BUTTER AND
A GOOD WALLOP OF JELLY, ROLL,
THEN SLICE,
AND VOILà, YOU HAVE YOUR
HYPNOPEEPERS,
NOW, REMEMBER, IT'S VERY
IMPORTANT THAT YOU DON'T LOOK
DIRECTLY AT THEM,
UH‐OH,